Oops folks
We're going to be rich
What came down for auction was the land of the village-run primary school
Starting price 1 million 2 million 3 million Mr. Cheng
3 million to continue?
5 million
Liu Shao
If you have one, continue to add it.
Brother liu 5 million
Even if this project is implemented
We don't make a penny
Let's forget it
God damn it!
How can a man speak without a woman interrupting 6 million
Mr. Cheng
As far as I know, Liu Yuanyang withdrew 8 million cash yesterday
Maybe it's for the land gold medal
Liu Yayang has completely lost his mind
As long as I push him again
Golden Phoenix
All the 5 million sent by Manager Gao have been used up
I'm afraid if you increase the price again
Like I said, you're a loser
You can't beat me Liu Yangyang in your life
Do you think I'm short of this money?
Millions of people.
We're going to be rich
8 million
Wow hahaha me
abstain